hey what's up guys explanation pro is
here today i'll explain a mystery and
thriller film titled
kidnapping stella
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
the film two men are shopping but the
items they purchase are quite strange
they purchased drilling equipment and
materials to soundproof a room upon
their return they began attaching the
materials to soundproof the room and
added a bed then they proceeded to the
forest and began marking the trees
additionally a van is being soundproofed
in this scene and inside their bag is a
scrap of cloth a rope and a gun since
everything is all set up they begin
waiting for someone to kidnap outside a
building
both of them are wearing masks to hide
as soon as a person passes by their van
they immediately chase it to kidnap
a girl named stella is one of their
victims they tie her up and bring her to
the room which they soundproofed
stella is now being handcuffed and tied
onto the bed tightly
after a while they undress her and take
some pictures they let them wear
different clothes stella is not
comfortable in her situation but she
can't do anything about it
afterwards they left her alone inside
the room after a few moments one
kidnapper enters the room to ask for her
father's email id and phone number he
tells stella that they will ask for some
money to ransom her
if his father grants the request she
will let her go immediately
since stella badly wants to be free she
quickly gives all the information they
are asking for after receiving all the
information needed they exit the room
and leave her alone tom is one of the
kidnappers who is naive about this
activity
and he with vic who has a lot of
experience in doing this practice
vic has been in prison for several times
at this point tom is feeling scared dick
can see how frightened he is he
motivates him and tells him that
everything will fall into place
according to their favor then they turn
on the phone of stella to send an email
to her father telling him that they
needed 2 million dollars in exchange for
their daughter afterwards tom enters the
room to check stella when tom has done
everything he needs to check he exits it
has been two days since they messaged
her father vic realizes that stella is
starving so they plan to give her food
and water to drink but before she enjoys
the food they tell stella that she has
to remain silent
otherwise they will make her unconscious
also they tell her that they will keep
on giving her food and water so she can
still survive despite her situation also
she enlightens her that no one can hear
her because the room is designed to
cover noises after telling it all she
nods and as soon as the cloth is off she
begins screaming
zick nipply covers her mouth to shut her
dick informs her that they are the only
two inside the house and aside from them
no one can hear her
victor also tells her that she has to
give a signal using her fingers if she
needs to pee
the time comes for her to pee she gives
them the sign but he let her pee on the
bed instead
stella is now tortured and as a result
she begins to cry like a baby
in the next scene tom could not hide his
emotions vic absurds that he is bothered
while they are eating vic reminds tom
that he has to eat healthy foods and has
to take care of himself he continues to
console tom by reminding him that
everything will be fine their plan will
eventually succeed and had stopped
doubting himself but tom seems still
bothered so out of his concern he
forcefully feeds tom dick tells him that
he can feel why tom is not eating so he
cheers him up
after a while dick leaves the room tom
is browsing the pictures of stella due
to these pictures it causes him to be
sadder he cannot take it to see stella
in her situation
after a while stella tells tom that she
has to poop
so tom unlocks her but he points his gun
at stella as she walks
when stella is about to start pooping
she tells tom to turn around because she
is not comfortable seeing her doing this
tom adheres but as soon as she turns
around stella grabs the bucket and hit
tom on his head as a result tom gets
hurt and his gun falls on the ground and
stella hypersonically picks it and point
it at him tom tries to come to her
closely to steal the weapon but stella
shoots him but it doesn't work out after
some time stella removes the mask from
tom to her surprise she figures out who
this guy is and she begins to wonder why
he has to do it on her tom responds that
she ruined his life and that he doesn't
want to let go tom is persuading stella
to give him the gun but stella says she
has a piece of thoughts to express
but tom eventually chases her to get the
gun
at this point tom ties her again on the
bed tom begins to blame her for
everything also he warns her that if vic
figures out this thing they will kill
them both
vic is now back he starts to express her
complaints as the father of stella is
not responding so vic devises a strategy
to tell tom that this will be exhausting
so he should have better prepared
himself on the following day they both
enter the room and settle the cameras
vic discloses to stella their plans he
says they will have a live video where
they will cut her fingers that her
father will be pressured and start
making ways to ransom her he also
reiterates that it will not be painful
because they will inject her with some
sedatives not to feel the pain stella
starts to anticipate the pain of torture
she begins to get frightened after that
they untie her mouth and let her express
her peace stella begins now to beg his
father while crying she begs to rescue
her she even tells her that she is
pregnant and she knows that their
relationship is not fruitful but still
she seeks help from him vic is now about
to cut her finger but tom says that the
video is enough and cutting her finger
is too much at this point tom saves
stella the next day both of them is
about to feed stella however she
requests tom to feed her while eating
she and tom noticed the coverative
bullet she used yesterday tom tries to
pick it up but vic observed that
something smells fishy stella is worried
now because she remembered what tom said
to her yesterday stella is now finished
eating but her spoon falls on the ground
near the bullet's cover tom quickly
picks it together at this moment tom
feels uneasy now and vic is still trying
to figure out the reason behind it but
tom tells him that everything is okay
tom goes to the washroom to flush the
bullet's cover but it isn't successful
vic notices that tom is staying so long
in the washroom so he quickly enters him
out of tom's concern to hide it he
quickly swallows it before vick sees it
despite its condition following vic's
departure tom approaches stella and
inquires as to why she lied about her
pregnancy she informs him that she is
pregnant and that he is the father he
believes she is lying and she instructs
him to approach her and feel her belly
after palpitating her abdomen tom
inquires as to why she hasn't informed
him she responds that he could never
accept responsibility and that he was
never present when she needed him she
also informs him that after he was
arrested she discovered that she was
pregnant and reasoned that she could
raise the baby on her own stella then
inquires as to why she was chosen he
also expresses his dissatisfaction with
stella for failing to visit him at the
prison and abandoning him without
explaining
additionally he states that he believes
she is still lying she then requests to
examine her phone where he will discover
the report tom exits the room and picks
up her phone he is about to turn it on
when he recalls that the police will be
able to track their location if he does
easily as a result he decides not to
turn it on stella then calls him and
begins vomiting he assists her they get
too close to one another and they
quickly start kissing they are about to
have an intimate moment when stella
handcuffs tom to the bed and flees the
room she attempts to escape but the
entire establishment is locked and the
keys are with tom she then takes out her
phone and calls the police but she
cannot provide the location due to her
lack of knowledge she then realizes that
tom may have the keys the keys fell to
the ground as they struggled
he is attempting valiantly to reach the
keys and stella approaches him to take
them when stella bends to grab the keys
tom uncuffs himself and kicks her in the
face knocking her unconscious he then
handcuffs her to the bed once more tom
is remorseful for hitting her vic is now
at their home bringing good news as
stella's father agrees to the ransom her
father tells them that he will give them
the money tomorrow vic and tom begin to
imagine things they could possess using
the money they will gain on the
following day vic leaves tom inside the
car he is now about to get stella and he
notices her cell phone is on he wonders
how she manages to reach and turn on the
cell phone so he checks the call history
and founds out a history call with the
police vic bursts into anger so he slaps
her to tell her the truth then finally
stella tells everything that happened
when he was away in this scene tom
figures out that stella is telling the
truth the baby inside stella's womb is
his tom is now having a hard time
thinking about what he must do
afterwards vic ties stella again and
goes to tom he tells him that he knew
why he was bothered these past few days
and asked why he chose stella tom tells
him that stella is rich and that it is
their decision at this point dick is
starting to have trust issues with him
and tells him that he must not hide any
secrets anymore at this moment they tie
stella and make her unconscious to bring
her quickly to their location their
scheme is to leave stella inside a
cottage and put the keys near her in
order for her to escape easily however
when they arrive at the place they
didn't see any money so they concluded
they were being framed vic has second
thoughts to kill stella and tom vick now
starts to execute his plans but tom
manages to escape but gets shot from a
distance after this vic goes to the
location and gets the money he is
blissful seeing tons of money but he is
unsatisfied he still wants to kill
stella and tom that night he goes to
stella to inject something that will
make her die he tells her that it is
painless when vic is about to inject
stella tom enters the room and hits him
with a rod despite the situation of tom
he is still determined to save stella
but vic manages to stand up and gets the
gun to dominate the situation vic starts
to express his resentment against him
that tom ruins their plans out of his
anger he is now shooting him but stella
kicks vic making her fall to the ground
the gun is now close to tom so he picks
it up and shoots him vic is now dead tom
gets the key and gives it to her stella
is now freed but tom is badly ill and
eventually dies the movie ends when
stella exits the cottage and gets to
their car and to her surprise she sees
the money from her father stella
realizes that her relationship with her
father is not good and she figures out
that he is not willing to ransom her in
the first place so she decides to
isolate herself from him and uses the
money she gets and starts her life
together with her baby thank you so much
for watching if you enjoy this video
please hit the like button and also
subscribe to my channel for more videos
like this see you in the next video